Problem Statement

Jakub is trying out a one-dimensional keyboard.
It consists of a single row of keys. 
The distance between any two adjacent keys is 1.
Each key contains a distinct letter of the English alphabet.
Jakub uses only one finger to type on the keyboard.
He wonders what is the smallest total distance he will have to move his finger while typing a given word.

For example, if the keyboard's only row is "qwertyuiop", and Jakub wants to type the word "potter", he will have to move his finger from 'p' to 'o' (distance 1), from 'o' to 't' (distance 4), from 't' to 't' (distance 0), from 't' to 'e' (distance 2) and from 'e' to 'r' (distance 1), for a total distance of 1 + 4 + 0 + 2 + 1 = 8.

You are given a Stringkeyboardand a Stringword, describing the keyboard and the word Jakub wants to write. Return the minimum distance he will have to move his finger in order to type the word on the keyboard.

Definition

Class:  TypingDistance  

Method:  minDistance  

Parameters:  String, String  

Returns:  int  

Method signature:  int minDistance(String keyboard, String word)  

(be sure your method is public)  

Notes

-  When moving the finger from the i-th key to the j-th key, the distance covered by the move can be computed as |i-j|, that is, the positive difference between i and j.  

Constraints

-  keyboardwill contain between 1 and 26 characters, inclusive.  

-  Each character inkeyboardwill be a different lowercase letter of the English alphabet ('a'-'z').  

-  wordwill contain between 1 and 50 characters, inclusive.  

-  Each character inwordwill be present inkeyboard.  

Examples

0)  

"qwertyuiop"

"potter"

Returns: 8

The example from the problem statement.  

1)  

"tc"

"tctcttccctccccttc"

Returns: 9

2)  

"a"

"aaaaaaaaaaa"

Returns: 0

3)  

"kwadrutove"

"rowerowe"

Returns: 39

4)  

"qwertyuiopasdfghjklzxcvbnm"

"topcodersingleroundmatchgoodluckhavefun"

Returns: 322

This problem statement is the exclusive and proprietary property of TopCoder, Inc.  Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this information without the prior written consent of TopCoder, Inc. is strictly prohibited.  (c)2010, TopCoder, Inc.  All rights reserved.


Problem Authod: meret
Contest name: SRM 560
