Problem Statement

Hero is learning a new algorithm to encode a string.
You are given a Stringsthat consists of lowercase letters only.
Your task is to simulate the algorithm described below on this string, so that Hero can see how it works.The algorithm starts with a given input stringsand an empty output string t.
The execution of the algorithm consists of multiple steps.
In each step,sand t are modified as follows:If the length ofsis odd, the middle character ofsis added to the end of t, and then deleted froms.If the length ofsis even, the two characters in the middle ofsare compared. The smaller one of them (either one in case of a tie) is added to the end of t, and then deleted froms.If after some step the stringsis empty, the algorithm terminates.
The output of the algorithm is the final string t.Return the String t that will be produced by the above algorithm for the given Strings.  

Definition

Class:  MiddleCode  

Method:  encode  

Parameters:  String  

Returns:  String  

Method signature:  String encode(String s)  

(be sure your method is public)  

Notes

-  When comparing letters, the smaller one is the one earlier in the alphabet - i.e., the character with the smaller ASCII code.  

Constraints

-  swill contain between 1 and 50 characters, inclusive.  

-  Each character inswill be a lowercase letter ('a'-'z').  

Examples

0)  

"word"

Returns: "ordw"

In the first step, 'o' is smaller than 'r', thus 'o' is selected.After the first step:s="wrd", t="o".After the second step:s="wd", t="or".In the third step, 'w' is greater than 'd', thus 'd' is selected.After the third step:s="w", t="ord".After the fourth step:s="", t="ordw", and the algorithm terminates.  

1)  

"aaaaa"

Returns: "aaaaa"

2)  

"abacaba"

Returns: "caabbaa"

3)  

"shjegr"

Returns: "ejghrs"

4)  

"adafaaaadafawafwfasdaa"

Returns: "afawadafawafaafsadadaa"

This problem statement is the exclusive and proprietary property of TopCoder, Inc.  Any unauthorized use or reproduction of this information without the prior written consent of TopCoder, Inc. is strictly prohibited.  (c)2010, TopCoder, Inc.  All rights reserved.


Problem Authod: subscriber
Contest name: SRM 603
